Daring to touch my woman
I’m with Dì Háo Group
You dare touch me?
Our chairman
Won’t let you off
Look who’s standing in front of you
Young Master Qín
No matter how rich you are
In our chairman’s eyes
You’re just a third-rate nobody
Young Master Qín
Is the chairman of Dì Háo Group
I deserve to die
It’s all because of Fù Jiā Háo
That bastard Fù Jiā Háo
Forced me to do it
I was wronged
He
Forced you?
Is that so?
So tell me
Whose words carry more weight?
Mine or Fù Jiā Háo’s?
Whose?
Yours, definitely yours
Good
Since you listen to me
Today, the Qín family’s maid quit
So you go
And clean the toilet from top to bottom
No, no!
Lǐ Mù!
Aren’t you pretty strong?
Let’s make you a eunuch
I’m asking you now, will you do it?
I…